Project Title: BiblioConnect - Integrated Library and Literary Social Network

Description:
biblioConnect System is an integrated platform designed to provide users with access to library resources while also facilitating social interactions among patrons. The system aims to create a vibrant community where users can engage with each other, share knowledge, and participate in various social activities related to reading and learning.​Installation Instructions:

1. Clone the project repository to your local machine:
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/biblioconnect.git

2. Import the project into your preferred Java IDE (e.g., Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA).
   Ensure that you have Java Development Kit (JDK) installed on your system.

3. Set up the database:
   - Follow the instructions in the Week 8 Slides to install and connect to SQLite.
   - Create a database named 'biblioconnect' and execute the provided SQL script to set up the required tables.

Usage:

1. Run the application in your Java IDE.
2. Navigate through different functionalities:
   - Manage books, patrons, and transactions in the library management section.
   - Interact with other users, join groups, and participate in discussions in the social networking section.
3. Use the menu options provided to perform desired actions.
4. Explore the various features of BiblioConnect.

Folder Structure:
.settings
java
src
.classpath
.gitignore
.project
LibraryDatabase.db
Test document
jcalendar-1.4.jar
jgoodies-common-1.2.0.jar
jgoodies-looks-2.4.1.jar
junit-4.6.jar


Dependencies:
- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- SQLite database
- JDBC driver for SQLite

How to Contribute:

We welcome contributions to enhance BiblioConnect and make it more user-friendly. If you're interested in contributing, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your changes.
3. Make your modifications and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Submit a pull request to the main repository.

Credits:
This project was developed by Heritier Kimbi , Ngoc Ngan Pham, Scott Tanaka, Scott Taylor and Edysson Termonfils  as part of the Final project cs401